How can you not see?
They will bomb our cities,
burn them to the ground.
How can you not see?
A nuclear attack is commencing.
At this time,
all residents within a 400-mile radius
should seek a fallout shelter.
This is not a test.
You aren't a very good alien.
Are you excited?
Of course I'm excited.
I've been waiting my
whole life to be this excited.
I just hope you don't die.
I mean, I hear the vacuum of
space
is a really bad place to die.
People's veins explode
and their heads explode,
and all kinds of other stuff
explodes.
Well, I'll try not to explode.
That'd be good.
After traveling lightyears
to escape an interstellar war.
Upon the brutal assassination
of the president of Earth,
the vice president took
over as commander in chief
and gave the orders to bomb the
capital,
which was overrun by aliens.
This brave act was
made to save human lives
and put an end to Nuclear
Holocaust II.
Humans who sympathized with the
aliens
wore symbolic blue face paint,
and to this day continue to
commit
horrific terrorist acts
against the government of...
Time for dinner.
These individuals' sick minds
have been warped by...
What are you doing?
A dissection.
This is what you
spend your allowance on?
It's science, Dad.
I wanted to dissect a cat,
but it was too expensive.
Almost done.
Come on, you can finish it
later.
It's time for dinner.
I'm not gonna say it again.
Okay,
clearly you don't understand the importance
of what I'm trying to do here.
Oh, I understand it all right.
Wrap it up.
I want to stop and see
your mother tomorrow
before you leave.
She's your mother, and you need
to say
goodbye to her before you go to
space.
Okay.
Try to be in a good mood for
her.
She loves you.
I was gonna make pork chops,
but Mr. Johnson
sold me some bad meat.
I finished my sticks.
Can I be excused?
Sure, Jimberly.
Get your plate washed up.
Why'd you quit?
What?
Space.
I didn't quit.
Then why don't you go anymore?
I wanted to be with you and
your mother.
As close as I could be.
Do you miss it?
I'm gonna miss you.
You're not gonna cry again,
are you?
No.
It's only for like three days anyway,
it's not a big deal.
I'm so proud of you.
I'm proud of you too.
Hey Mom.
Who are you?
I'm your daughter, Sarah.
No you're not.
I know Sarah.
You should meet her,
she is very much like you.
I am her.
No.
You're not.
Who are you?
What do you want?
Welcome
to the Hoffman Space Center.
Do not deviate from
your assigned destination.
Irradiated guests will be
escorted to containment.
If you see something,
it's your duty to say something.
Lost items will be incinerated.
Never,
in the history of the space program,
has a child been sent into
space.
It is foolish.
For children, you golden angels,
brim with a hope that I have
rarely seen.
These children will
travel to the presidential
space station,
newly constructed and orbiting
a largely unexplored alien
planet,
that one day may become our
home.
They are the future.
Without them, there will not be
one.
Children,
they are the ambassadors of peace.
Hey everyone.
Hello.
My name's Sarah.
I'm Tom.
My name's Brooke.
What about you?
I'm Charlie.
Well it's nice to meet you,
Charlie.
So I'm really excited about this
mission.
Me too.
It's kinda cool.
Not really that big of
a deal if you ask me.
Well, we're about to make
history.
Sure, technically I guess,
but my parents just say
this is a big PR stunt.
Us kids, we're just here to be
on TV
and make the party look good.
How do you know that?
My dad's friends with
the secretary of security.
My folks are pretty important
people.
They said it would look good on
my resume.
Well that seems fair.
I applied and I tried
my hardest to get in.
I spend my entire life
trying to get to this point
and trying to be the best that I
can be.
Am I the only one here who
actually cares that I got in,
or is this just some kind of big
joke?
It means a lot to me.
More than anything.
Come on.
Kids, not astronauts.
What are we really gonna do in
space?
Tons of amazing things.
I really wanna get a look at
the presidential space station.
It's not every day you get
access
to a high security
interplanetary vessel.
This table's a downer.
I've been given the
responsibility
of shepherding you children into
space.
I told my superiors that
this was a horrible idea,
and I'd have no part in sending
inexperienced children into
space!
But I was told I did not
have a choice in the matter.
You will die.
Space is a last resort for
the most desperate of souls.
Why is it you children think
you should go into space?
You got something to say, honey?
Speak up!
Well, I've always dreamed
since I was a little girl
of going to space and
having space adventures.
I really wanna help change
the universe for the better.
And I wanna help those in need.
Space is a cruel hell.
Great men die in space.
I'm not a man.
When you step into that
transporter,
you're signing your own death
warrant.
If you're cool with that,
we can get on with it.
Good job.
You didn't throw up.
Yes.
Commander.
Captain.
Long time no see.
Still in the transport division.
That's an astute observation,
Jack.
Address me as Captain,
Commander.
I see how it is.
You think you're special now.
I am special.
I'm a captain now.
I remember when you
were just a filthy private.
Do you remember that, Jack?
During the war?
Look how far that private's
gone.
Permission to speak freely, sir.
Granted.
Why'd you put me on this
mission, Jack?
You're so good with kids.
At least, you used to be.
We all have to live with the
choices we made that day.
Well we all can't live with
those choices like you do.
Coward.
Please go now, Brian.
Aye aye, Captain.
Are you children ready
to see the president?
Yes!
Please keep your joy to a
minimum
in the president's presence,
please.
Very well.
Hey kids.
If it isn't young Sarah,
Charlie, Tom, and Brooke,
our latest and greatest
diplomats of peace.
Welcome.
I love you.
I love you!
Huh.
Well how was the trip, guys?
There weren't any roasted
peanuts.
Oh.
Well that is a problem.
I'll just have to make sure that
they
bring some for you next time,
young Tom.
So, how about if I give
you a tour of the station?
Can we see the control room?
Of course we can,
young Brooke, of course we can.
Awesome!
It is awesome.
Very awesome.
Normal people don't tick.
This is the presidential space
station
calling Earth, over.
Mayday.
We have a bomb on the
presidential space station!
Come on, we gotta get you
outta here,
I'm gonna jettison you to a nearby planet,
okay?
What about the children?
Almost there, come on,
we gotta get you outta here.
You must save the children!
I can't save...
Do it!
All right, I'll save 'em, come
on.
Out of the way, out of the way.
It's all right.
Brooke, is that you?
Why did they have to put us all
into one?
There are way more pods
they could've put us in.
You're lucky to be alive.
You really care what
pod you're in?
Yeah.
I'd rather be dead than
stuck in a stupid pod
with you stupid losers right
now.
I resent that.
There's gotta be a
control hatch somewhere.
It's busted.
Looks like I'm gonna have
to do a manual override,
there's a malfunction
with the control hatch.
Less talk, more opening the pod!
Close the pod!
What are we gonna do?
Where is everybody else?
Guys.
What are we gonna do?
We have to find them.
We're on an alien planet
in the middle of nowhere,
with no adult supervision.
Normally I'd say we have a good
time.
What if nobody finds us, huh?
Are we gonna have a good time
then?
They'll find us.
Actually, statistically
speaking...
Okay, I don't wanna hear it,
poindexter!
Yeah, shut up about your
stupid facts.
Let's just all calm
down and take a minute
and figure this out.
My calculations are correct,
one day on this planet lasts
about as long
as four days on Earth.
Better be some sunscreen in
that kit.
Oh.
You fix it?
Really good with computers,
aren't you?
It's a gift.
That way.
What is it?
It's a distress signal.
Looks like a couple miles away,
it's probably other survivors.
Then we better go find them.
Why would someone
do something like that?
Like what?
Like try to murder the
president.
She's so nice.
Not all of the universe thinks
that way.
Well they should.
She's a pretty cool lady if you
ask me.
Politicians are not cool.
They just sit around all
day and have lunches.
Cool people drive big cars and
blow stuff.
You don't become the leader of
the most
powerful civilization in the
universe
without stepping on a few toes.
He was just a sad,
crazy man with a death wish.
I wouldn't worry about it.
A transmission device.
Children.
It is so good to see your
sweet little shining faces.
Such monuments of joy.
We're so happy to see you.
You need to come find me.
Where are you?
I know you can do this.
I'm typing in the coordinates.
Thank you.
Why do you kids have no faces?
What are you?
What are you?!
Hmm?
Where's my cat?
I miss my cat.
Sir, please,
can I get you some pain relievers?
Nope.
No thanks.
I been sober for 12 years.
Mister,
you need medical attention immediately.
Why?
Your head.
Stop that.
How else are we supposed
to know if he's dead or not?
Okay, he's clearly dead.
Have a little respect.
The dead shouldn't die if
they want me to respect 'em.
Poor guy.
Are you all right?
I just wanna make my parents
proud.
You will.
Where do we go?
To the president.
I'm gonna die.
No you're not.
I'm so gonna die.
No, you're not.
I'm gonna die!
Tom, you're not.
I am.
What do you know?
It's inevitable,
really.
Okay, both of you just
shut up or go and die already.
That thing's worthless.
If I had time I could take it
apart
and augment the coils
to improve the signal,
it might work better.
Man, you're a nerd.
No I'm not.
You are by definition a nerd.
I bet your mom was a nerd
and your dad was a nerd
and your whole family bloodline
was just a big bundle of nerds.
No they're not!
Okay?
My parents weren't nerds,
they were both Olympic athletes.
Then they must be
really disappointed in you.
Whoops.
Shut your faces and listen to
me!
We're all in a terrible
situation
and you guys are just making it
worse.
Okay, what we're gonna do
is we're gonna keep on walking
until we find food or other
survivors.
And if we don't find
food or other survivors,
we're gonna keep on walking.
And we're gonna keep on
walking till we can't walk anymore,
and then that will be the end of it,
you got that?
Good.
Now shake hands and make up.
Sorry that I broke your stupid
thing.
Okay.
Come on.
All right, let's go.
Congratulations, you're not
dead yet.
And I'll drink to that.
They should not have brought you
here.
I mean, there's beauty in the
madness,
but no children should
have to bear witness
to a world like this.
Do you have any food?
I got some.
We're very hungry.
That's your body
telling you it needs a fix.
Takes too much to keep the blood
pumping.
Quit looking at me, dammit.
That's the last of it.
No more guarantees after this.
You're lucky you're kids, you
know,
or you'd owe me big time.
I don't give handouts to
anybody.
Thanks for the food.
Don't ever thank me.
Left Earth years ago because
everyone was too busy
thanking each other all the
time.
It's just manners, Mister.
Manners are for the rich.
Otherwise everyone would treat
them
the way they deserve to be
treated.
Can I have a cigarette?
Hell no.
I got five left.
I got five left and I'm gonna
smoke every last one of 'em.
You got your whole life to
smoke,
get cancer, and die, all right?
Wait your turn.
I wanna smoke and get lung
cancer now.
Have you gotten in
contact with the president?
No.
Well we have her coordinates.
She's alive.
Well hallelujah!
President's alive.
What's your point?
So shouldn't we go out
there and try and help her?
And save her,
or at least try and find other survivors.
Maybe.
In a bit.
She's going to die.
Maybe she will.
But I just survived a
brutal space explosion.
And I made a promise to
myself that if that ever happened,
I would take the rest of the day
off.
Commander, she's going to die
if we don't help her!
Then why don't you go
be a big girl and go save her?
I'm not gonna stop you.
Go!
Pretty cool, huh?
Yeah.
Got that off a dead guy,
in China during the 40-year fire.
Have you ever killed anyone?
Think a man like me goes
through life not killing anybody?
I killed.
Kill from time to time.
You kill when you have to.
Who was your first kill?
Was it a grick?
You weren't born in the right
decade
to use that type of language.
Killed my father.
What for?
He wanted me to become a man.
Be not afeard.
This isle is full of noises,
sounds, and sweet airs,
that give delight and hurt not.
Sometimes 1000 twangling
instruments will hum about my ears,
and sometimes voices too,
if I had waked after long sleep,
will make me sleep again,
and then, in dreaming,
methinks the clouds
would open up
and shower riches upon me.
And then I woke,
and I cried to dream again.
All right, girly.
You wanna go save the president?
We'll go save the president.
I just need to finish my
cigarette first,
and you, stop asking me
questions.
Shooting is life.
Live.
Come on down, honey.
Show me what you got.
Not you, back Lou Berry,
come on down, raspberry,
get your ass over here right now!
Now it's your turn, come on.
Well well well.
Looks like you got some
competition.
Inedible.
Once we stock up, we move on.
What kind of fruit was that?
What I tell you about asking
questions?
Sorry.
Inedible.
Place is creepy.
Are you okay?
Do I look okay?
Do I look okay?!
Not really.
I'm outta cigarettes.
At least I don't have to quit.
It's way better for your
health anyway.
I do not need a public
service announcement
from you, okay?
Thank you very much.
Well look at that.
Who wants to go fishing?
Fudge!
Don't do that.
Edible.
Come on, y'all.
Like you mean it, dammit, come
on.
Edible.
Sarah.
Who are you?
I'm your daughter, Sarah.
No you're not.
I know Sarah.
You should meet her,
she's very much like you.
Who are you?
Hello!
Is something wrong?
It's taking everything I have
right now
to not tear you to pieces.
An alien parasite has
entered my body.
Through my eye.
My brain and my nervous
system have been compromised.
I want nothing more
than to hand you my gun
and have you send me to
my place amongst the stars.
I wanted to protect you,
but I can't.
You have to run.
You have to run, please.
You wanna know something?
You wanna know something?!
What?
It feels good.
We have to go.
It's the commander.
What about him?
He's sick now.
He's dangerous.
Why?
We have to go!
It's a supply pod!
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna have to kill him.
But he's our friend.
Not anymore.
Brooke, what are we gonna do?
How should I know?
I don't know, you're the smart
one,
use your brain or something.
A torch.
I can fix this.
Give me that hose.
Give me that pilot light.
Do you have any tape?
He's getting closer!
I can see that, you dick!
I need a light!
Burn in hell.
Oh shit.
I think we lost him.
Let's split.
Brooke is dead!
She died doing the only
thing she was good at.
Why did I have to be so mean to
her?
Listen.
Brooke was a hero.
A hero.
She died trying to save us,
and that's why we're here now.
Let's all take a moment for
Brooke.
A true hero
of science and bravery.
The president's close, but I
keep getting
some kind of interference.
I can't get her exact
coordinates.
How close?
Half mile radius at most.
Hmm.
Look, we can search the area.
Shouldn't be too hard to find
the pod.
Okay.
Let's meet back here in an hour?
All right.
No!
Come on.
I thought you were dead.
I know.
Well well well.
Who would've thought you
two kids would've made it?
Where are the other two?
What do you think?
This hasn't been a
good trip for any of us.
Broke my leg a while back.
They're just gonna have to cut
it off.
It's starting to rot.
You got any pink caps?
You're full of surprises, kid.
Need any help?
I don't need your help.
Why did you do that?
To put her out of her misery.
You killed her.
I had to.
No you didn't.
There's things that
you can't understand.
I was sent here on a mission.
No.
When I was a kid, I went to
the country
to visit my grandparents.
My parents were working
the fuel plants in the city.
This one day,
I woke up early and I went outside to play.
Had a small net and I was trying
to catch butterflies in the
meadow.
The sun was warm and
there was this cool breeze
that made it feel like heaven.
They launched the bombs that day.
I saw fire rise up miles to the sky.
I heard one deafening sound and
felt heat
from flames from miles away.
It was the beginning
of Nuclear Holocaust II.
I never saw my parents again.
The president of Earth gave
the order to drop those bombs.
She destroyed the only
form of life I ever knew.
It's not that simple.
She didn't do...
She did.
You don't have to do this,
Charlie!
What else am I supposed to do?
You're my friend.
It's too late.
It's never too late.
Okay, okay.
Come on.
I have a med kit,
I can help.
Stop.
It's too late for me.
No it's not.
Sarah.
I'm so proud.
You are
a true astronaut and hero.
I need you to do
something for me.
You have to trust me completely.
Of course I trust you.
You're the president of Earth.
Yes, president.
But so much more than that.
I don't understand.
Within me is a time pod.
A time pod.
What is that?
Within the time pod,
is the true leader,
passed down from generations
through the world for eons.
It leads our species on.
Cut me open.
Take it, the pod.
No.
You must.
I can't.
You have to do it!
Whatever it takes,
you must get the pod back to Earth,
or all that we've ever known
will be lost.
No, but you'll die.
It's all right.
Do it!
Keep doing it.